docs(gpu): add FP8,16,32,64 to concepts (#2182)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/gpu/concepts.mdx

This format's flexibility in bit allocation makes it well-suited for tasks where balancing precision and performance is crucial.

</Concept>

<Concept>

## FP8

FP8, or Quarter Precision, uses an 8-bit floating-point representation. It offers even greater speed and memory efficiency at the cost of reduced precision compared to FP16, FP32, or FP64.
FP8 is often used in specialized applications where extremely fast calculations are required, such as some forms of real-time graphics rendering. However, it may not be suitable for tasks that demand high numerical accuracy.

</Concept>

<Concept>

## FP16

> FP16, or Half Precision, uses a 16-bit floating-point representation in GPUs. While it offers reduced precision compared to FP32 and FP64, it excels in terms of speed and memory efficiency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FP16, or Half Precision, uses a **16**-bit **f**loating-**p**oint representation in GPUs. While it offers reduced precision compared to FP32 and FP64, it excels in terms of speed and memory efficiency.
```

FP16 is commonly used in deep learning and neural network training, where fast matrix operations are crucial.
Although it may introduce some numerical instability, techniques like mixed-precision training can mitigate these issues by combining FP16 with higher precision formats for specific operations, achieving a balance between speed and accuracy.

</Concept>

<Concept>

## FP32

> FP32, or Single Precision, is a 32-bit floating-point representation used in GPUs. It provides a balance between precision and performance, making it the standard for most graphics rendering and general-purpose GPU computing tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FP32, or Single Precision, is a **32**-bit **f**loating-**p**oint representation used in GPUs. It provides a balance between precision and performance, making it the standard for most graphics rendering and general-purpose GPU computing tasks.
```

FP32 GPUs are capable of handling a wide range of applications, including gaming, machine learning, and scientific computing, with good numerical accuracy and faster computation compared to FP64.

</Concept>

<Concept>

## FP64

> FP64, or Double Precision, refers to a 64-bit floating-point representation used in GPUs. It offers high precision for numerical calculations, making it suitable for scientific simulations, engineering, and financial applications where precision is critical.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FP64, or Double Precision, refers to a **64**-bit **f**loating-**p**oint representation used in GPUs. It offers high precision for numerical calculations, making it suitable for scientific simulations, engineering, and financial applications where precision is critical.
```
